1. What is Validation in Client Side Programming? 
Answer: Client Side Validation is an initial check by identifying 
        invalid data at the client side. The user can fix this 
        invalid information (input) straight away.

Example: If the input is submitted for a phone number or email, 
         a JavaScript validator would provide an error if anything 
         is submitted that does not confirm to a phone number or email.
         
2. What are the advantages of performing Validations?
Answers: 
          
          a. It ensures all expectations are met.
          b. It helps to take corrective measures to avoid any mismatch between the expected and actual results.
          c. It improves the reliability of the of the end-product. 
          d. Server side processing time is reducted.
          
3. What is Querystring?
Answer: On the internet, a Query string is the part of a link (otherwise known as a hyperlink or a uniform resource 
        locator, URL for short) which assigns values to specified attributes (known as keys or parameters). Typical 
        link containing a query string is as follows: http://example.com/over/there?
        
4. What is <input type="hidden"  />  ? Why do we use?
Answer: The <input type="hidden"> defines a hidden input field.
A hidden field lets web developers include data that cannot be seen or modified by users when a form is submitted.

Why: Hidden fields allow us to send all kinds of information along with a form message, without the user having to be involved in the process. 
This may include security tokens, or the name of the relevant row in the database. 
The user does not need to see this data, but it is passed back to the server on submission so that scripts function correctly behind the scenes.


Additional
Hidden fields are used programatically, to pass information about the current page to the server.
For example, if a user fills out an enquiry form, we may want to obtain their IP address using a snippet of PHP.
We may also want to grab the URL of the referring page. You can see this in action in our code sample; the form captures the information, 
but does not display it.  
Hidden fields can also be used to pass information back to scripts. 

Read more: https://html.com/input-type-hidden/#ixzz7kmYUgWBg


