1. Why do you use position property in CSS?
Answer: The position CSS property sets how an element is positioned in a document. 
        The top , right , bottom , and left properties determine the final location of positioned elements.
        It specifies the type of positioning method used for an element.



2. What is the difference between position property values :  absolute / relative?
Answer: Position: Relative places an element relative to its current position without changing 
        the layout around it, whereas 
        
        Position: Absolute places an element relative to its parent's 
        position and changing the layout around it.
        
        Position property-----
        Absolute - The element is positioned relative to its first positioned (not static) ancestor element
        Relative - The element is positioned relative to its normal position, so "left:20px" adds 20 pixels to the element's LEFT position
        
3. How to implement following requirements in CSS3 (As per the image):
        a. Apply space between words
	Answer: word-spacing: 10px;
	
	b. Apply space between letters
	Answer: letter-spacing: 2px;
	
        c. Apply shadow for each character in the text
	Answer: text-shadow: 2px 2px 10px #ff0000;    /* In this the 10px is used for blurring the shadow */
	
	d. Other requirements as per the image
	
4.  Create  a web page to prepare image gallery. Apply required CSS styles.
Answer: Refer Day6 Assignment (image_gallery and ms files) saved.

5.  How to hide an element uisng CSS?
Answer: Ans: 1) display: none
     2) visibility: hidden;
     3) Use scale (0) to shrink an element until it’s no longer visible. 
     4) Apply translate (-999px, 0px) to shift an element off screen.

6. Create web page to apply animation based on the position. Object should move from left to right.
Answer: Refer Day6 Assignment (animation) saved.

7.  Create a image gallery using flexbox for the below requirements:
		
			a. Each card should contain :  image and description
			b. Cards should be arranged centred.
			c. Update the margins and width for mobile device using media queries.
			
Answer: Refer Assignment 4 (Flex)


